[Intro]
Hi, my name is Kathleen Chamberland and I'm a third year graphic design student. Here are a few facts about me as a designer.
[What inspired you to pursue graphic design?]
I've always loved the thought of being a graphic designer,
even from a young age; you could find me playing around with Photoshop.
So when I graduated from high school, I thought if this is something I like to do, why not get paid for it?
And here I am, three years later!
[What is your favourite colour? Pantone or Hex?]
My favorite colour probably have to be Pantone Living Coral.
I just find that it’s a nice warm shade, and it reminds me of summer.
[What is your favourite Adobe application to work with?]
My favourite Adobe app would have to be photoshop.
I find it's a great tool that really helps me express my creative side.
[Outro]